2 iterations, 10 states, Shakespeare
--
and looking better proof the yet invent
a stay the constant razed the As in bear,
In think addition treason, excellent,
the so And words In lofty can and wear,
his And heavenly Flatter flowers no,
And summer be devour Happy frame,
the that the praise, And yet And hot the so?
stand And robbery hour love in same.
And Thy in lover's of the ever fiend
and wrinkles huge The Making so the cloak,
And of and Fortune's even kill And end,
and even poet My and idle smoke?
the think, the sure And leisure absence meet,
in that in equal thus physician sweet.

10 iterations, 10 states, Shakespeare
--
a welcome, of the living bare in thief.
the on her, Pity that in youthful most,
(inferior medicine skill the grief,
in limit having beauty summer lost.
a Robbing Tired other purpose time.
oblivion living every gone,
in substance no In losing suited, prime,
every amis nature's love alone,
the thousand virtue wrinkles argument.
addition so The even women's hate?
the To unless a present windy spent,
out in beauty sorrow every state.
to the Nature's which in Love's conspire,
worms, in proved, in curse in self desire:

20 iterations, 10 states, Shakespeare
--
And sweet a to were April but and night?
the our eye the frailties only rhyme.
the heaven now the desert, for the sight?
some the badges place? the every time,
whether Look The summer ornament best
only living gift and mutual boast.
when a often tender true indigest,
lends and horses every partly costs,
And lovely on a tender heavy wrought,
her chest the summer's their upon the last,
and sad and heavy summer's virtue thought
grievances story For a our taste
the 'tis the of the fragrant their the winds
her of astonished. sun the fortune minds,

200 iterations, 10 states, Shakespeare
--
happy master other influence words,
To in truly bloody could committed,
And you Delights in writ And mine affords,
your assistance wondrous vanished fitted
the being your her costly thy the torn,
descriptions With a this the those the gems:
after know the your the summer's forsworn,
in sacred spirit making others hems.
her ghastly swallowed merit? argument,
by And have and will in injury out:
a taken. other story travel spent,
life Nativity steep the on about,
thee, And elements dressings this the jaws,
the store, the travel heaven's this a paws,

200 iterations, 10 states, Shakespeare + Spenser
--
And whom And it The you and Ne were latch,
if And that And Beauty constancy lie.
her spread In which The Looking greater catch:
her sense, in sorrow so her semblance eye,
the bred the goddess praise the appetite,
did desire make in your a devil:
her to another double triumph might.
treasure least the eyes, the changes evil,
the Those And must her be and false return.
the no and well the must her to subsist,
A yet and proud And all and it and born,
the speaking heaven mate, invention missed:
familiar unto shortly deadly do:
and better see her I'll the thy and to.

200 iterations, 20 states, Shakespeare + Spenser
--
And Could And nothing cruel, lowly out,
in from untainted did unjustly chain:
and brought a other, ye a goodly stout,
The (dear in golden glory them restrain.
and to and mantle is and to and send,
happy with the liberties brass the east,
a youthful worshipped greater rotten blend,
her you her golden gentle Roses west
given heaven bloody permanent ill:
battery such the his eternity,
the they the bloody your the your the skill,
the so The thy the you the canopy,
heavenly better painted willing woe,
delight and tyrant costly overthrow.

10 iterations, 10 states, Shakespeare + Spenser
—-
in gentle level unto present smells,
penury do The me the it in sort,
And both defiance goodly art, and dwells,
The news in my endeavor by report.
the truly cannot with a like Her grow.
the gathered. Sweets and malady, insight,
The penance Of in If neglect her so
the virtue stiffness Whom the others' sight,
in then the which misprision self, obey?
her outward Spending dull within derive,
injuries is the look and making sway,
And arrows, unto proudest lovely thrive
a fear and to astonished. eager sea,
Herein the man the common by, the plea,

a flame Exceeding be her my the brought,
And ye the wailing kindle well awake,
and even gift alive in absence thought,
other winter's autumn wonderful sake.
Whose her anthems merciful outward sprite,
the makes the plague betraying ever beard:
the bolder may and being counted light,
the good the heaven's to escaped In herd
her thunder, that the better duty this,
losing story every harden minds
the heavy should Without the actor bliss
and must and flower, to in fair her finds,
in thy A message my The vainly sport.
and or were it the she acceptance sort,

victors blessed Receiving walls resemble,
not in constant that and merciful spring,
relics wondrous sorrows be assemble:
prison ornaments better water thing:
I and fiery reason close apply
And that and that In make the to in date
the on her thy the golden malady,
the at in circle's use the to the gate,
in sequent golden greedy shady sore:
the dwellers living weighing waste account,
and only at and conquered heretofore:
the children made, And even Not surmount.
and golden others' of imperfect torn,
own confounded, goes Were through and forsworn,

the so The many pluck the monuments
the too her, spacious, flower Why and men,
chief and power, ever others' contents
and odors graces heavens, open then.
a seldom pride, in feasts enough awake:
in grudging Presents equal famous night:
Her You in sour Breaking weary take.
her best retention fading crystal sight,
living find, and wicked windows moment.
The Unto numbers my attention praise:
restless How the like confine the comment.
and glowing poet's beauty: purpose raise.
Her leach And undivided of And be:
travel ornaments to and being me,

the sight, her? Hence, and What a only fed,
endeavor summer's willing what And way:
her cloudy sooner Mine in mine in bred,
the both in full the speak, The maker day,
in limbs a holy Now distraction brand,
the sorrows time, religious your and me:
and though And When and to Forgetful hand:
and die, and power beauty me In thee,
And separation fashion If and do:
the victors line, another spoil. in ease:
And summer firmer those the doth And to.
and Thus and bliss, And ever Of appease
being mutual O celestial night
the bright invention him, a over write,

praises others' golden every spread.
in, Making are the nobler rage in long.
alone And beauty happy hast the red:
The I the doing of her vassal strong,
in battle, of Her on And doth in brought,
in of And having, evil winter's spy
In with debate, in senseless novel, thought,
and you the of And all the that And eye
the body, ruthless buried thy her cheeks,
a nature's worthless Fortune's palate those.
a mistress When in can her evil reeks.
a answer summon spills A I suppose,
wondrous pictured so indirectly spoil,
And Helice When the loves And thy were toil,

That the doth and not and you, forsaken,
dying earth) her eyes another, review,
cannot nature's tossed her nothing taken,
and thy the birth, and living poet's due,
were I a cunning Seeing twain, a fast.
her to contentment endless smart and side,
and laughter. Be the of the feathers last,
acquaintance ransoms art, The painted hide,
a sing, her peep, in them And had and quill:
and to and smart. the them the virtue eye
The As the waving cover being fill.
the did and strongly letters majesty,
the this invited spider brazen beat,
were second praises common never heat,

And ruth, And thou in my a counted pen
doth in other to and fast mistaking,
her on, her thy attire: Muses men.
being common thou the self a making.
And with And precious so the light a sort,
eyes, the ever terror self a elsewhere,
in fairest pleasant spends against report.
and mercy beauty I the my the near.
and which the blunting merits as a now.
fair, And circle's fiery on The old?
and are The hardest joyous I the how,
the pleasant even virtue pity told.
the something his already never run,
greedily lightning pattern them begun,

That the doth and not and you, forsaken,
dying earth) her eyes another, review,
cannot nature's tossed her nothing taken,
and thy the birth, and living poet's due,
were I a cunning Seeing twain, a fast.
her to contentment endless smart and side,
and laughter. Be the of the feathers last,
acquaintance ransoms art, The painted hide,
a sing, her peep, in them And had and quill:
and to and smart. the them the virtue eye
The As the waving cover being fill.
the did and strongly letters majesty,
the this invited spider brazen beat,


and trusting fair another's heaven's spy
memory: winters purchase As compile,
the dreadful journey heaven nature's eye
and friend) her that A self the counted style,
do The heart's her frozen spirit, tendered
in treasures gentle That and duty latch,
cruel say and Pity art remembered
and to the with the little me the catch:
stand Beyond the so the lesser wanting,
in do delighted, is the thy A bear,
must and doth her travel mine a granting,
holy dainty mightier say her wear,
April's presence nimble powerful give
The thunder, groans her of physicians live.


100 states, 10 iterations
—
in profit Moly, image my a burned,
the feathered thou Revenge a numbers days:
in Knowing Fondness golden vassal turned,
the my in vainly Simply bloody lays,
acquaintance Each desire, bright a foes,
And my in hungry For a be And strange:
determination, look, and than in knows,
her this in dull And friend in twinkle change,
the not a will and be the civil cold.
In for her what and all The Nor and shun:
The equal being should And same, a old,
happy any heresy thou undone.
heavenly last in whose and do and best.
in hardened wealth, confounding lines the rest,

=======
500 iterations, 20 states, Shakespeare + Spenser
--
were lovely praises joyous thankless boast,
and fair In morning many to and gaze
were banquet mistress beauty cruel ghost
in mournful no in weary grew? amaze,
the Fair, the thy the all her his askew,
slight in mother's see the willingly fear,
a goodly tempest maker mortal hew,
in to in clearer heavy never dear.
were tune complexion heavy outward shown
and it and shall and for and my and dead?
in cruel coloured men's invention own,
gods desire charter this astonished.
were vengeance solitary endless is,
and doth and but and arrows, should and his,

======
10 iterations, 10 states, Shakespeare + Spenser
--
pyramids To believed were sickly told
the lusty with the brightness tincture date,
and other, cruelty meaning annexed cold,
my a heaven every expiate.
loving of The glorious tragedy.
in other with in By in weary sky:
in this and story faithful comedy:
And Fair in reflex my a memory.
infusion, goodly kindness seemed in sea,
the Our near the thing, a weakness need.
art a bitterness heaven sinful plea,
the holy For And on and both her speed,
her let admired, being wonderment,
the goodly pleasure not astonishment.


